DRIVERS-2836 OIDC Spec Cleanup (#1551)
mongodb/specifications: source/auth/tests/mongodb-oidc.md

  including the timeout parameter if possible.
- Close the client.

**2.2 Human Callback Returns Missing Data**

- Create an OIDC configured client with a human callback that returns data not conforming to the `OIDCCredential` with
  missing fields.
- Perform a `find` operation that fails.
- Close the client.

**2.3 Refresh Token Is Passed To The Callback**

> - Create a `MongoClien`t with a human callback that checks for the presence of a refresh token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a `MongoClient` with a human callback that checks for the presence of a refresh token.
```

  including the timeout parameter if possible.
- Close the client.

**2.2 Human Callback Returns Missing Data**

- Create a `MongoClient` with a human callback that returns data not conforming to the `OIDCCredential` with missing
  fields.
- Perform a `find` operation that fails.
- Close the client.

**2.3 Refresh Token Is Passed To The Callback**

> - Create a `MongoClien`t with a human callback that checks for the presence of a refresh token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Create a `MongoClient` with a human callback that checks for the presence of a refresh token.
```

Author: Comment is now out of date

- Perform a find operation that succeeds.
- Set a fail point for `find` commands of the form:

```javascript
{
  configureFailPoint: "failCommand",
  mode: {
    times: 1
  },
  data: {
    failCommands: [
      "find"
    ],
    errorCode: 391
  }
}
```

- Perform a `find` operation that succeeds.
- Assert that the callback has been called twice.

> - Assert that the refresh token was used once.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Assert that the refresh token was provided to the callback once.
```
If that is correct?
